Well. you and me aren't the type of
players who'll get picked if we lose.
We're in the same boat. aren't we?
You can't play it safe here.
If you do. you're done.
So let's crush each other. Isagi.
Our dreams are at stake.
Don't chicken out.
This is Blue Lock. you know?
Hey. Isagi.
Do you know why my team wanted to play you?
We thought we could beat you. Isagi.
Huh?
Isagi. let's stop him!
He passed?!
And back to me. shorty.
No chance.
He got us!
I wanna catch up with you geniuses.
It was saved! He didn't
hit it with enough power!
Isagi. the second ball!
We'll get it and counter!
Move!
Don't stand in my way!
Naruhaya and me are the same.
We're one step short!
Naruhaya's weapon gets him in
behind the defense. but he can't finish.
My direct shot works in front of the goal.
but I have no way of getting myself there.
We're average Joes with opposite problems.
The one who overcomes
his own limitation first...
will win this game!
Episode 15
Devour
As annoying as it is. Naruhaya's right.
Isagi. you're not the type
who's able to fight alone.
You're not a genius like Barou or Nagi.
Me and you...
We're both just average Joes.
I don't have a weapon I can use
in a one-on-one situation
that'll put me on the
level of Nagi and Barou.
If I'm not in the genius column.
there's no way I can become
the best striker in the world.
Find it.
I have to find what I lack during this game.
Let's go. Isagi.
Time to make a comeback.
Yeah.
I don't want to flunk out of
a place like this as an average Joe!
I'll try every single trick I can think of!
Dribbling isn't the only way to
dominate a one-on-one situation!
If I can make it a two-on-one.
even for a split second.
then even with my lack of pace. I might—
Not so fast. Mr. Average Joe!
I'll have to try another way.
What are you doing. Isagi?
Have it back.
All yours. Nagi!
Damn. I ended up relying on Nagi again.
But this isn't gonna help anything.
The game will continue
with just the two of them.
At this rate. I'm never gonna manage...
to surpass these geniuses.
So. wait. is changing my tactics and actions
not enough to find what I'm looking for?
Damn it!
I'm not letting it end here.
That would mean it's not my actions
I need to change. It's my thoughts.
Don't get caught up in how I used to be.
Change can only begin when you
tear down everything you were before.
That should do it.
Well. it didn't.
Nice. Nagi!
The second ball!
I got it! Now I can counter!
Isagi. behind you!
Huh?
I'm not losing to you one-on-one.
Naruhaya!
Just you watch. Isagi.
I win!
Not yet.
Give it your best shot. little man.
Come on.
To me. shorty!
Ah. damn. It's backs to the wall now.
If they score one more...
we lose.
Not to mention. that last play was huge.
If Naruhaya hadn't stolen the ball off me.
we could've tried to make a big comeback!
If I'd watched his movement.
could I have prevented it?
No. he pressed me from behind.
where I couldn't see him.
So. nope. there was no way
I could've seen him coming.
After all. Naruhaya was in my blind spot.
My blind spot?
Wait. Hold on a minute.
Is Naruhaya always positioning
himself where I can't see him?
If that's the case...
I see now!
Maybe I was wrong all along.
In soccer. one-on-ones don't just
happen when you have the ball.
"Off the ball."
It's still a one-on-one even
when you're not on the ball.
If I think of every move that's made on the
field as part of one continuous one-on-one...
That goes against everything
I've considered normal up to now!
Hey. Isagi.
Let's go.
Yeah!
I'll get a goal back.
I know now that Naruhaya's
always trying to find my blind spot.
Go find a book on how the human eye works
and learn something. you piece of trash.
I see. Rin was also taking advantage
of my blind spot back then.
Isagi! To me!
I've found the new jigsaw pieces I need.
My blind spot and "off the ball."
I'll shove these new pieces into my brain.
and overwrite my concept of soccer!
If it lets me win. I have no issue tearing
down everything that makes me who I am.
I'll be reborn again and again!
Whoever scores next wins.
First. we need to get hold of the ball.
Hey. are you listening. Isagi?
Blind spot. Off the ball.
Hey. Isagi.
I need you to shut up. genius.
I'm about to get to the good part.
So tell me.
What motivates you so much?
Shut up. genius.
I'm about to get to the good part!
Okay. striker. I'll take
that as. "We're gonna win."
Yeah.
Okay. is everyone ready?
Thank you for the food!
Dumplings again?
Yum!
Hey. that was mine!
Don't fight and don't complain.
These are free dumplings
Sis brought home from work.
I'll make lots of money with cryptocurrency
when I grow up and escape this life.
I'm gonna be a happy bride!
Me. too!
I hate being poor.
Bro. what are you doing?
When the going gets tough. smile.
The bad luck will disappear on its own.
C'mon. seriously?
Come on. everyone. Eat up.
Mom. Dad. It's already been
two years since the accident.
We're doing fine.
It'll be okay. Sis.
When I become a pro soccer player.
I'll make lots of money
and give you a life of luxury.
Then. I can...
Naruhaya Asahi-sama
You have been selected
to become a certified athlete
...protect everyone.
Good luck. Bro!
You're the star of the Naruhayas!
Don't lose. okay?
You're the best in the world!
Asahi.
Take this.
Don't
lose
I hope
you win
You can do it
Best
in the
world!
That's
what
you
are!
Take
care
of
your
body
Good
Luck
Charm
Don't
lose
I hope
you win
You can do it
Best
in the
world!
That's
what
you
are!
Take
care
of
your
body
Good
Luck
Charm
Don't
lose
I hope
you win
You can do it
Best
in the
world!
That's
what
you
are!
Take
care
of
your
body
Good
Luck
Charm
Good
Luck
Charm
Don't
lose
I hope
you win
You can do it
Best
in the
world!
That's
what
you
are!
Take
care
of
your
body
Good
Luck
Charm
Don't
lose
I hope
you win
You can do it
Best
in the
world!
That's
what
you
are!
Take
care
of
your
body
Good
Luck
Charm
Don't
lose
I hope
you win
You can do it
Best
in the
world!
That's
what
you
are!
Take
care
of
your
body
Do your best. Asahi.
Right. I'm off now.
I hope
\h\hyou win
Don't
\h\h\hlose
Good
\h\h\h\hLuck
\h\h\h\h\h\hCharm
Good
\h\h\h\hLuck
\h\h\h\h\h\hCharm
Take
\h\h\hcare
\h\h\h\h\hof
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hyour
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hbody
Take
\h\h\hcare
\h\h\h\h\hof
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hyour
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hbody
You can do it
Best
\h\h\hin the
\h\h\h\h\h\hworld!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hThat's
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hwhat
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hyou
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hare!
Best
\h\h\hin the
\h\h\h\h\h\hworld!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hThat's
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hwhat
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hyou
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hare!
You can do it
Best
in the
world!
That's
what
you
are!
Take
care
of
your
body
Good
Luck
Charm
Don't
lose
I hope
you win
Now you can't go for your usual shot
into the top-right corner. King.
Barou. they're ready for the shot
direct from kickoff. so that's a no-go.
It's an easy two-on-one if we just
take it closer to the goal instead.
Let's pass the ball around and—
Go back to sleep. average Joe.
I'll decide what I do.
I will live as I please and win as I please.
That is my...
regal philosophy!
The left side instead of the right?
Crap! That's the best shot of the day!
Lay down and die. lowly plebs!
Holy...
The second ball!
It's mine!
I can get to it before Isagi.
Nagi's coming. too.
Which means he has to go left.
If I try to control it.
they'll box me in and steal it!
Shorty! Pass it to me!
What do I do? Pass?
That's a more certain...
No!
What I need right now is
that skill in front of goal!
To catch up to these geniuses.
I need a direct shot!
With this goal.
I will change my life!
Let's go. Isagi. We'll link up and counter!
Just then. Naruhaya tried to
emulate my direct shot weapon.
To find the piece
he's missing so he can score.
he took inspiration from my play
and went all-in on it coming off.
I see now.
Emulation!
Average Joe
Average Joe multiplied by average Joe!
If I can fuse my weapon with Naruhaya's.
I might be able to take on the geniuses!
Isagi...
Tch! I'll mark Nagi!
Barou. you stop Isagi!
Don't order me around. shorty.
I'll crush this donkey because I want to!
Off the ball.
What I neglected to do without the ball
before was watch the movement...
of the other guy's eyes.
Human eyes can only see
what's in front of them.
Meaning we have to move our heads
if we want to see what's around us.
Right now. Barou has to
pay attention to me in front of him.
and Nagi. who's behind him
and running with the ball.
But it's impossible to
look at both of us at once.
That's why I'll wait for my
window of opportunity to get...
in his blind spot!
Barou will shift his weight
in an attempt to respond.
And I'll go the opposite way!
Right here. Nagi. Pass it to me!
I see you. striker.
I will beat Barou one-on-one!
Hey. that's my footwork!
Simply emulating isn't enough.
I have to go beyond...
and reach my new self...
in the territory of the geniuses!
It only took this guy a split second...
to take my skill...
and devour it!
Game over. Final score: 4-5.
Isagi!
Yeah!
The winners are Team White.
Isagi Yoichi and Nagi Seishiro.
Why?
Why isn't that me?
If that shot had gone in...
Why?
Why?!
Damn it. Damn it!
It was a close run thing. Naruhaya.
Between you and me.
either of us could have won it.
Not true.
What?
I also thought you and I were the same.
But now that I've lost. I get it.
I needed your direct shot weapon.
So I tried to emulate it. But...
All I managed was a shallow imitation.
But you were different.
In that moment. you took my weapon
as your own and mastered it.
It's because you're not afraid to change.
Isagi. you're no average Joe.
You're always prepared to
tear down everything you are.
so you can rebuild anew and
become the best version of yourself.
You are...
a genius of adaptability!
That's where the gap in our talents lies.
Thank you. Naruhaya.
After going head-to-head
with you. I'm now stronger.
Stop that.
I don't need your pity.
So. Isagi. who do you want to pick?
Don't pity me...
I know. Nagi.
I will... No. we will go higher.
Join us. Barou.
This isn't where you bow out.
Naruhaya. I—
I know. You don't have to say anything.
Thank you. Isagi.
For knocking me down.
I'll win on your behalf. too.
What are you on about. Isagi?
A guy soft and naïve enough to say that
will lose in no time in this place.
My shot at this thing ended just now.
You can do it
Best
in the
world!
That's
what
you
are!
Take
care
of
your
body
Good
Luck
Charm
Don't
lose
I hope
you win
I'm sorry.
Seems like this is where my dream ends.
I hope
\h\hyou win
Don't
\h\h\hlose
Good
\h\h\h\hLuck
\h\h\h\h\h\hCharm
Good
\h\h\h\hLuck
\h\h\h\h\h\hCharm
Take
\h\h\hcare
\h\h\h\h\hof
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hyour
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hbody
Take
\h\h\hcare
\h\h\h\h\hof
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hyour
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hbody
You can do it
Best
\h\h\hin the
\h\h\h\h\h\hworld!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hThat's
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hwhat
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hyou
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hare!
Best
\h\h\hin the
\h\h\h\h\h\hworld!
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hThat's
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hwhat
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hyou
\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\h\hare!
There are some dreams that don't come true.
Isagi.
Win.
You have to...
keep winning until the day you die.
Yeah.
Goodbye. geniuses.
Blue Lock
2nd Selection
Naruhaya Asahi
Disqualified
24 hours earlier
Who do you want as our third member?
Let's see...
Someone who complements our abilities.
A good passer who knows how
to control the balance of a trio.
Hm? That guy...
Wasn't he with Nagi?
I think his name's Reo.
Hey. Are you okay?
Shut up. Leave me alone.
I bet he's just sulking because he got
dumped unexpectedly by his pet. Nagi.
Huh?
We did. too.
We want to crush Isagi and
Bachira for leaving us behind.
What do you say. Reo? Wanna join us?
Calm down. you two.
Break Room
(for 3 people)
We just need to talk it out!
Huh? You wanna go?
Like I said...
I want to sleep on this bed.
No. the one who's
sleeping on this bed is me.
A fierce battle over a bed!
Um. I'd like to sleep on that bed. too.
The bunk bed is too small.
and it shakes when the guy on the
top bunk turns over. so I don't like it.
So I'll be taking the single bed.
Let's do rock. paper. scissors to decide.
What rule says you get to pick first. anyway?
I am the rule.
You lost. so stop barking
and perish. former king!
Individually. I didn't lose.
And my rule is absolute.
That's what it means to live with me!
What a hassle! A total hassle!
You're a hassle. King!
Perhaps I misjudged what it meant to
have these two geniuses as teammates.
A
Blue Lock. Additional Time.
Additional Time!
Blue Lock
Reo. a Maiden in Love?
That training was hard.
Chigiri
Hyoma
Kunigami
Rensuke
Good hustle.
Hm? Where's Reo?
Oh. he went to brush his teeth about
30 minutes ago. and he hasn't come back yet.
Hey! What are you up to. Reo?
Are you okay?
Nagi's coming back.
Nagi's not coming back.
Reo?
Mikage Reo
Nagi's coming back.
Nagi's not coming back.
Nagi's... coming back.
Don't assume I'll still be the same
person when you come back.
W-We should turn in. Kunigami.
When he comes back. I'll be cold to Nagi.
Hang in there. Reo!
I won't be cold to Nagi.
I will be cold to Nagi.
I won't be cold to Nagi...